hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2006 action car film fast and
furious Tokyo Drift
the third film in the Fast and Furious
series a few things to note about this
film is that there's a whole new cast a
new setting this film also takes place
sometime between the sixth and the
seventh film in the series which will
make more sense when I release those
summaries and if you'd like to see a
summary for the previous films please
check out the links below the film opens
with a 17-year old named Shawn Boswell
who recently moved to Tokyo to live with
his father a u.s. Navy officer to escape
a jail sentence for a street race
related accident in school Shawn meets
another military brat named Twinkie who
introduces him to the drift racing scene
in Japan
Shawn ends up going up against a drifter
named Takashi who has j'accuzzi' ties
Shawn borrows the car of Takashi's
business partner Han Liu and Shawn
losses totaling the vehicle due to his
lack of skills in drifting in order to
repay the debt Shawn must now work for
Han eventually han trained Shawn and
drifting loans him another car for
racing and Shawn moves in with Han Sean
starts to gain some credibility in the
street racing scene and eventually asks
out a young girl named Mila who is
actually Takashi's girlfriend
Shawn is beaten by Takashi for this and
is told to stay away but Neal leaves
Takashi and eventually moves in with
Shawn and Han Takashi's uncle Kamata the
head of the Yakuza reprimands Takashi
for allowing Han to steal money from him
Takashi confronts them about the thefts
and a chase breaks out during which
Takashi's right-hand man dies in a crash
Sean and Neela also crashed and Hans car
is rammed by a mysterious driver was
revealed in a much later film and Hans
car explodes killing him just before
Shawn can save him Takashi Sean and
Sean's father get into an armed standoff
which ends when nicola agrees to meet
with takashi twinky give shawn money to
replace what han stole from the Yakuza
and Shawn
returns the money to come out of Sean
then proposes a drift race against
Takashi where the loser must leave Tokyo
Kumada agrees and Sean rebuilds a 67
Mustang for the race the race takes
place on a mountain and with it being
neck-and-neck if how she tries to ram
into Sean's car but misses and drives
off the mountain and Sean wins
Kumada keeps his word and Sean can stay
in Tokyo Sean is dubbed the new drift
king and is challenged by a new driver
who considered han family
Dominic Toronto who is in the first film
so that was the spoilers for Tokyo Drift
if you have another film you'd like to
see me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on the various forms of social
media and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching
[Music]